this is lwig you may know him from his
ever popular live streams gaming content
and chess boxing events yeah I did that
did thing good job behind him is a PC
that plays Minecraft and behind him
behind him is all the servos solenoids
and relays that are going to be
punishing him for playing the game what
especially punishing him when he does
something wrong wait what do you mean
punish how what what is my ass what is
that the trick trick part is only you
know exactly is it which effects we've
created and no one knows ex I don't know
something just went in my ass I don't
what you mean you don't know do you know
that happened are you controlling it I
know that because you told me is that
the button no that's from my
teleprompter is this you too that's a
truck I have a few guesses as to what's
going to happen I'm willing to bet that
if you go underwater it's going to have
something to do with this swipe bedet
that we've got here yeah that's
literally dripping water right now as
for the spikes in the seat I mean hey if
you play your cards right you might
never find out what they're for or if
you play your cards right you might find
out a lot okay depending on what kind of
cards you like a man I wasn't ready for
this okay but what you will have to be
ready for is this message from our
sponsor War Thunder you drive tanks you
pilot planes you do the pew pew it's
both fun and realistic and you can play
for free right now on PC and consoles
using the link below simple why have
days like today when you can have bit
days like
this it doesn't matter the point is off
the top when we started carrying lwigs
line of swipe bed on LTT store.com we
knew we had to do something cool to
promote them I thought we were just
going to do like a one-on-one no thanks
to the team at signal RGB it ended up
being surprisingly simple their
Universal RGB Control software already
features integration with Minecraft so
they generously helped us adapt the code
to instead of say turning your lights
red when you take damage um to send a
call to an esp32 that can trigger well
any number of fun effects so I have to
play the game and if iuck up in the game
you're going to me up in real life and a
and a real big ass company worked on
this so H hop up for a second first I'd
love for you to take a look at at what
we've created yeah so I'm noticing
instantly we got two swipes mounted
which I can only imagine is like when
you watch a 4D movie The only effect
that they give you which is spring you
with water oh we have so much more than
one then they
have oh can you not oh like that's not
going to trigger later I know that's I
don't know what's going to trigger it
that's the issue is I don't know what's
going to trigger it I don't know what
this is that's just scary to me I this
is I'm pretty sure what you attach to an
Xbox 360 to say slurs online I don't
know what this is this is just straight
up I'm scared to touch it is this an
airbag I mean don't crash and you won't
know okay all right this is just a gun
why do you have a gun why is it pointed
at the chair am I the only one sitting
in this uh are you sitting in this I
actually don't know the answer to that
oh man with that out of the way take a
seat want you have a seat right over
there okay to get things started we
wanted to put you onto a fun little map
based on Wipeout or tashi's castle in
Minecraft okay all right okay Tanner who
is the games master today is providing
instructions from here on out where
exactly would you like me to you're
going to want to take probably two steps
back why would he have to take two steps
back what because he signs my paychecks
okay that's actually a pretty fair point
Tanner you know I'm really good at
Minecraft good we actually do know that
ready for it [__] Gamers around if we
were to do a one-on-one you wouldn't win
a single game
at what was that for that that was a
misclick his sinuses are as clean as my
rectum
that's your sales pitch swipe B LTT
store.com okay all right it's so it's a
it's basically why is your countdown
okay is it a parkour map there we go
yeah it kind of looks like it par all
right go down the water
okay yeah but I wouldn't go all the way
in the water you know okay all right
yeah all right get up here oh I didn't
do it that
time I let's have a little respect for
the
game what is that that's just start air
compressor in the shop that's nothing so
I know if I
touch dude it's Aim so
high okay all right
F do you notice that I'm noticing um
that I'm having a lot more fun than you
that I'm not even hitting the water and
it's setting off I think what's
happening is when you when your state
changes when you go in water or go out
of what you are you dead you think it's
when my state changes and it's not yeah
can I tell you something privately it's
not that motherucker right next to us
pressing a goddamn button I tell you
what I'll hold it I'll hold it I'll hold
it wait how so wait if I do this well
don't do it though well let's just test
it I mean yes oh God what did you think
was going to happen oh God get out of
the water okay stop stop all right let
me Focus that's your product eventually
it'll run out if you don't want it to
have such outstanding P cleaning power
then maybe you should design it with a
less powerful jet I couldn't I couldn't
dream of that world the good news is I'm
fing
electric so we're on to the next part
what dude it teleported me it was a
checkpoint it teleported I didn't know
that
happened oh my God I'm going to swim all
the way back is it all right if it gets
on the keyboard a little bit you don't
really want want to stay in there if you
do we have extra
pants okay you've got this right yeah
oh I wouldn't turn around what was
that did you see that no but I heard you
saying you were really good at Minecraft
you know I'm really good at
Minecraft okay but it you can't always
believe everything you
hear can you turn around for a second
come here come here come here you what
the was
that
dude this is crazy it's just on my in
arm man it's hitting my arm in the right
side of my head we were kind of
expecting you to beat this a lot
faster no I'm such an idiot dude I'm
actually okay we have other Maps would
you like to try an easier
map what do the smoke even mean no I
don't want to try anything we're going
to be here till we finish this is going
to go from funny real quick to it's
going to hurt you I'm going to hurt
you oh my god dude I'm this is
insane I get it I get it I get it I'm in
the water I'm in the water now Q
speedrun music now oh God I think that
might have been too
early dude that jump is so hard that you
don't understand how hard a three block
jump is we're fine we've only been here
for 7 minutes this is not going to be 7
Minutes of the video so just understand
understand the video you were watching
right right now I've been getting I've
been getting sprayed for 7 minutes
straight uh float plane exclusive lm.
g/f floatplane uh you guys are going to
have lots of behind the scenes and
Extras from this I suspect dude my mic
has got to be soaked uh that's okay
that's a price I'm willing to pay watch
watch watch watch okay he's going to get
it he's going to get it this is
it I don't think it's possible by man I
don't think man can do it AI is
necessary for this okay should we move
to the next map no oh I see here
what oh no way come on he's got wait
it's not over come on don't get hit off
oh my God that's just the first
checkpoint yeah I no know that was
actually embarrassingly slow uh can I
towel you off at all before yeah please
dab y That's great there you go that's
great y there you go that's LTT store
quality okay
okay
okay what what I mean the instructions
were pretty clear they said don't get
hit off it say don't get hit off right
so then you need to follow the
instructions okay all right you're right
he's actually been an amazing guest and
I feel genuinely bad about what we're
doing to him right
[Music]
now God okay no no no hold up hold up
hold on hold on it's about pattern
recognition yeah Cycle One cycle
two cycle
three cycle
four cycle one cycle two
cycle three cycle
four cycle five
oh that's a long Gap though okay yeah so
Cycle
One cycle
two cycle
three yeah I thought it was after five I
honestly think the cycle is different
every time I was just saying that out
loud
ah a dude I wish there Wasing sense to
what this is happening you know what's
stupid you hang out with like xqc and
you're like let me give you a free
computer right like like Carl Jacobs
here's a free computer and then it's me
and it's like oh um how about uh you get
where are Merchant get soaked for me now
um for what it's worth Carl paid for
that
computer okay man you got this you got
this oh you got this
oh
oh that's where do I go oh oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah oh my God is that another
three block jump yeah okay it goes It
goes It goes It goes okay
okay dude what is the
pattern
man really though how long are we going
to make him do this you guys until he
quits uh you've seen his sabatons right
I don't quit on my thing yeah um guys if
it's a war of attrition you want it's a
war of attrition you'll get I'll do this
till it's not fun for
you I'm not doing anything no none of us
are okay I was trying to here I I got I
got you I got you I don't need it I
don't need it okay I don't need this I'm
a parkour
God uh can we please also have a change
of clothes ready for him uh get him
engineering samples of the socks so he
has new socks he's probably soaked down
to his socks at this point get please
get him
it was all part of our secret plan to
get him as into our merch as we are into
his I'm so I'm getting so frustrated I'm
mad I'm not even mad at you guys I'm
just mad at myself God
perhaps what what what no I had that one
okay one more run one more run dude it's
there's so much water are you guys
looking at this it's a powerful B we
can't change that
thanks I was
thirsty you sick man all right check
check me out last R dude I actually I
actually think you're a bad person now I
want to try can I try am I allowed to
try be my [__] guess okay all right
and I'm going to need my own change of
clothes here well I don't want to miss
this first jump so I'm going to make
sure oh
damn okay that's a little frustrating
yeah and then imagine you're just trying
to get out of the water and it does it
again yep and then imagine you're
climbing the ladder and it does it a
third time you know what I don't really
need to imagine it because I um yeah I
got to experience it for my
see if you dude if you get this I
actually think I'll never play a video
game again all right okay so just
patience okay it's a virtue dude I think
it's
random I think it is random I think it's
actually random though like random
random that's what I said I think it's
random I what do you think think random
memes I think it's random wait a why the
are you holding that I'm playing video
games I'm playing video playing video
games give me that don't worry about it
don't worry about no you play your tiny
to some other time don't worry about
it sorry sorry I have such fragile
thumbs okay don't don't no don't show
him everything sorry sorry sorry don't
give him that okay the the I think the
explosions are just a distraction I
don't think they're anything they
probably stop you running I don't think
they're anything
okay
maybe there are
some yeah it's going down my neck now
yeah yeah yeah that's that's when it
gets fled go down the ne this is
actually impressive this setup is like
an
Arduino basically yeah I'm kind of a
tech guy do you know about how I'm
already passed two of them damn
it okay I'm out okay what's the next
challenge
Tanner that that's just a that's a
glitch okay all
right I legally have to make that sound
when I drink it okay so I hit this I'm
going to drop and then I have to not hit
a block okay oh okay I mean I think you
got this it's just
swirls easy oh water oh that's so but I
did it
right oh okay what what was that okay I
died what
happens I believe what am I supposed to
fall in that tiny
little Jesus
Christ
Jesus what are these they're like little
gel pellets oh wow those are actually uh
my God they broke on my skin okay he's
got this he's got dude I I
oh I
know
oh oh godio
a I thought that was
water oh we're
good why does it smell like
[__] do you smell that actually no dude
it smells putrid the point we were
trying to make is that that's what your
ass would be like without the swipe
of we're really here to help
you
can we at least get him changed out of
the wet
top have you ever tried our apparel I
have never tried your apparel this is
our devious plan to get you to do it but
you've somehow swindled
me oh my God that smells is that just a
random punishment for him dying and
stuff yeah okay oh my God are you sure
you don't want the hoodie in case that
gun goes off again I'd rather it hit me
and then sue
you come on do it do it do it
[Music]
coward do it do it do it you
little oh jeez man okay the instantly oh
my God instantly there's a little marks
that show that's like within a second
guys okay I I promise you I didn't know
exactly what they were going to hit you
with oh you needed to Sprint there wait
wait you can hit this hit the white hit
the white what no I was going the wrong
way no no no
and help for the you didn't hit the jump
but I I wasn't sure where the edge was
yeah I'm dead ah damn it that really
hurts all right let's go for our third
challenge okay how good are you at speed
running uh I can get it a seated or or
random random o
ramulus and
Painis all right Romulus let's see what
you got how long should it take him to
like win yeah I could get it done you
know it's not exactly going to be world
record Pace per se I mean you made a
stick that's more than I can do in
Minecraft yeah oh God do you know any M
name three Minecraft
creators uh Carl Jacobs okay bang ant
venom sure yeah lock it in lewig no I do
not count who is the greatest Minecraft
player of all time blood wig dude yes
this is like getting Magnus Carlson and
then saying hey man we want to see you
arm wrestle I don't know what I'm the
Magnus Carlson of yet but I'll work yeah
I was about to ask okay so what game
should you be playing right now okay the
game I'm best at that I would never lose
to you in a single game Super Smash
Brothers Melee okay I don't think you
would ever take a stock off me uh given
a 100 games I wouldn't lose one to you
really not one stock in a 100 games hey
hold on a second I forgot about this
when you challenged me and you said you
would beat me at any game yep we still
have to do that so what am I coming down
to La later or what and for what cuz I
kind of feel like I should take him on
in Minecraft based on how good he is at
it what did I do you took fall damage
yeah you need to come to La we're going
to do a bro vers bro okay all right do
you have your games list yet yeah what I
go shoot I I think I listed them on the
W show shoot what I think one of them
was beat saber okay yeah that's fine I
think one of them was ano 1800 okay
which was not made in the year 1800 it's
just about the year 1800 it'd be
impressive though you know what um I'll
take you on in
TowerFall towerful yeah what is that
game it's platformer com like it's a 1 V
one platformer game can I keep it a
stack with you keep it a what can I keep
it a stack with you a stag a stack a
buck can I keep it 100 100 of what a
stack is 100 100% Can I be real can I be
honest yeah of course I am not going to
come close to beating this game yeah
yeah no that's fine I have been slowly
mining gravel just for like the past 10
minutes while we've been talking making
no progress and I it just ran out of
pick finger slipped let me try the last
map this map was inspired by the map
called 11 ways to die so they added some
cool new updates must be at least easy
difficulty don't no that's yeah I'm
nervous man you're doing great I don't
know how
to I'm getting upset I'm getting mad I'm
getting and you know how I get when I
get angry
so you picked a
game where the object of the game is to
die but my object in real life is to not
die see you keep saying you but I had
nothing to do with it uh can I die in
this room how do I kill myself oh but if
you hit the harder ground does that hurt
more yeah that's going to take a really
long
time how do I kill
myself okay just don't eat the food
right yeah
oh my God he sounds so defeated what
have you guys done to him you saw how
much energy he had when he came in here
at least hey we're getting good luck
with the RNG the gun hasn't gone off in
a
while you just had you have to say no I
had nothing to do with
it okay you get
it woo
hey he likes the butt puncher way too
much all right I did it I'm I'm done I'm
I'm done I'm done man I'm done you know
what we're going to win you know what
we're going to
beat we're beating wipe out what we're
going to beat wipo no we're not beating
white oh my God stop it's the only game
here that we have any chance of
beating holy
holy come on oh it's a fog machine I
I keep waiting at the top like it's not
[Laughter]
as we have new pants for him right yes
okay good w w in the chat warning
rotating logs okay no you got this
though
okay oh that was
so okay I had it I played so
well um
did we use like water hardened
components at all or like are we just
hoping for the best here all the Serv
are waterproof it's fine I kind of meant
the
keyboard well what the how are you
supposed to deal with
that yeah that wasn't it thank you lius
for the quick analysis okay hold on oh
God
this I've done I've done Mr Beast Island
for 24 hours I have to say this is the
worst shoot I've ever done lonus you're
hurting
me I'm
sorry do I look wet yep I mean as a
married man I wouldn't know much about
it but I think you look
wet come on
Jesus
what is happening right now dude it's
the part it's the like there's a
conveyor belt that's like whipping back
and forth shoot me shoot me right now
shoot me right now no no no don't what
what is he breaking is he breaking
things I think he's breaking things I
broke
something I told the TSA agents I came
to visit a
[Laughter]
friend oh man oh that oh that that looks
so good I'm going to go fast so good I'm
going fast yeah that looked so good you
were doing awesome that was awesome
where's the
checkpoint oh no there is no checkpoint
it hits him both I just have to keep
going this one might be too hard
dude you you got me fired up saying that
right
now oh no way he's at the halfway point
he's
halfway I'm actually so I can get
this oh no
way
dude this I'm going crazy here I'm going
crazy
here
we're not done we're not done at some
point your keyboard is going to break my
keyboard yes this oh damn it okay this
is very predictable oh that's good
compared to everything so why would you
do that what did you why did you do that
I'm not trying to be critical come on
buddy sit in the chair sit in the chair
he knows how to do it oh the ledge I I
don't even know how this game works I
didn't know you can walk on that ledge
you got to walk on that ledge we got got
time when the Block's done oh that's why
you're yelling at me yeah cuz I didn't
know what you were doing I thought you
were just like going for
it I don't even know where the ladder
is oh damn it
no
wow ow ow damn
[Laughter]
it you know my nickname
in sorry you were saying my nickname in
high school was early Linus it was early
Linus yeah I was never on time for class
totally
unrelated your reaction speed's gone
down people are talking about in the
[Music]
office oh my no you what the heck
happened you went too far forward you
hit the next challenge you actually did
it though you did it the first time is
that for me yeah go ahead mop me you
don't want to be mopped with what was on
the floor mop
me it's
fine he's in his zone now did you guys
see this Zone bop bop jump bop bop bop
bop bop bop jump bpop bpop bpop bpop
jump bpop bpop Bop [__]
jump last
obstacle dude they're really close
together that's miserable what a
miserable final
challenge I feel like the dev of this
game didn't keep in mind that some
people are going to be playing with a
bedet that targets them and hits them
with water wait wait wait I'm so stupid
lius I figured it out okay here we go
check this
out
oh um this is a good idea why were we
platforming first person people are
going to be watching us like look at
these idiots you know what we'll cut all
of that out so all they'll see is this
okay dude you got
this
holy and then here you want first person
for here yeah I think
so come on man come on we did
this also thir huh third person was
cheating third person was cheating I
don't care we didn't
know why was he cheating final jump
okay well what's the final jump I don't
really get it oh wait so the okay we got
the drawbridge that goes down okay but
what is this how do you oh I don't know
I think it's moving now I get on it over
here you just get on
it okay
okay okay so you just got to bounce yeah
and H thing and then make
it is this as close as we get oh
backwards okay yeah so I didn't know how
far it went yeah no no no no that yeah
when do you know when do you know it's
the end here look up for a second maybe
we can see uh when it reaches the end of
the track or we can count him on the way
back actually um okay no no no you got
to hit the thing first you got to hit
the the bridge first I think wait what
no no no no you're not supposed to hit
do you're supposed to dodge it yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah oh okay okay okay okay
okay okay okay okay hold
on
no okay so the timing is going to be
fall
bounce oh no that's definitely that's
definitely it okay you're good you just
got to make it here no no no no no cuz
if if you no offense if you cross a
Finish Line after everything I've done
oh oh oh it's we're going to do this now
it's everything I've done 1 2 11 12
12 and I hit my head there for sure I
felt it I felt it okay so it's 12 I
don't know how to not hit my head
though okay 12 12 clicks 12 clicks then
we make a lead 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 did I count wrong I think it moved
one before you jumped on it you didn't
say a word well I couldn't tell until
you jumped and it wasn't in the right
spot 10
oh ref ref please give me
that
oh dude I'm so close I'm so close I can
taste victory with my
mouth I I I I uh I uh go
now okay well I was wrong it's okay 3 4
5 6 7 8 9 10 11
I lost count I lost count Linus I lost
count I freaked the out cuz I lost count
12 it was too late it was too late I
should have jumped while I was
down what what what is everyone
snickering
about no what you mean no what do you
mean no I mean you hit the thing with
your head tell me when to jump please
okay fine I'll tell you when to jump
just say just say say JUMP okay I'm
going to say JUMP 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
go
now yes oh wait why is it going off now
celebration oh my god oh I'm so happy we
did something of value and it was big
fairly valuable I was going to say did
we oh man um any who wow we really had
to dig into the archives for the shirts
at at the end here do we have a fourth
level of shirt going to these are
supposed to be bits of ripped up masking
tape to Mark deficiencies in a wall
really yeah that is a deep cut yeah cuz
my painters um for my house where I had
an argument with them about the kind of
uh paint they were using they sat in her
eggshell finished it doesn't matter the
point is thank you so much for coming
out we'll do the formal handshake thing
can we get him can we get him like
anything anything something anything
here I'll just I'll I'll I'll cuddle
myself like a
child and I'll coddle our sponsor War
Thunder what could be more satisfying
than watching large Vehicles get
destroyed in a video game maybe watching
over 2,000 Vehicles get destroyed May
War Thunder is a free-play PV VP vehicle
combat game with a heavy emphasis on
realism the combat is immersive with
every tank plane and ship being modeled
after their real counterparts right down
to how it feels to Pilot them and the
sounds they
make feels good one of the cooler
features is the damage x-ray view where
whenever you destroy an enemy vehicle
you can see where your hits were most
effective making strategizing for next
time easier and there's a game mode for
everyone from the Casual to the most
hardcore enthusiasts so join over 70
million players from around the world
playing War Thunder on PC Mac
PlayStation and Xbox all with crossplay
sign up for free using the link below
and unlock an exclusive Bonus Pack to
help you get started if you guys enjoyed
this video because you love punishment
porn uh maybe check out the one where I
ended up eating hot sauce straight up
and getting my arm waxed for failing to
guess the price of PC components I'd
like to watch that yeah that' make me
feel good right now what they do to you
is the same kind of thing they do to me
they hate treat me equally all creators
equally I take that hey thank you for
having me if you guys would like you can
have swipe B days that don't spray your
face but instead your butthole and it is
a lifechanger and I mean that genuinely
even if you don't buy it from LTT
store.com which I would recommend get a
B in your life
s